 Menu 
 Academic Experience 
 Curriculum 
 Joint & Dual Degrees 
 MA Education/MBA Joint Degree 
 MS Computer Science/MBA Joint Degree 
 MS Electrical Engineering/MBA Joint Degree 
 MS Environment and Resources (E-IPER)/MBA Joint Degree 
 Student Life & Community 
 Diversity 
 Cultural Community Groups 
 Students with Disabilities 
 Alumni Community 
 Tuition & Financial Aid 
 Types of Aid 
 Knight-Hennessy Scholars Program 
 Contact the Financial Aid Office 
 Admission 
 Application 
 Test Scores 
 English Language Proficiency 
 Personal Information, Activities & Awards 
 Letters of Recommendation 
 Information for Recommenders 
 Optional Short Answer Questions 
 Entering Class Profile 
 Contact 

 Academic Experience 
 Student Life & Community 

Admission to the Stanford MBA Program
Your story starts here. But before the late-night study sessions, before your global experience, before you can get your MBA, you need to apply.
Take a look at our entering MBA class. At Stanford GSB, you’ll find yourself surrounded by smart, driven people from all over the world aspiring to make a difference. Your colleagues will push you in ways you could never do on your own. Stanford’s culture of collaboration creates an environment unlike any other in which students learn, lead, and grow with each other. In that collaborative spirit, hear what a few students have to say about applying:
Start Your Application Now
Learn More about the MBA Program
Personalizing Your Admission Journey
Create or update your MBA Profile! Head to MyStanfordGSB.Info to see a personalized dashboard for your MBA journey. The MyStanfordGSB prospect portal helps you track your application progress, register for upcoming events, and engage with stories and content relevant to you.
Go to MyStanfordGSB
Applying to the Stanford MBA Program
The big question on every applicant’s mind is: What is Stanford GSB looking for?
We won’t give you a checklist to mark off, because there isn’t one. There is no typical Stanford MBA student, no ideal for applicants to chase. Our advice is to just focus on you and ensure that your application is a true reflection of yourself.
That being said, we do look at some general evaluation criteria: how you think, how you lead, and how you see the world. The way you express those qualities should be authentically your own.
As you work through your application, our admissions office is more than happy to answer any questions after you read through this information.
Connecting with Us
Learn from students, alumni, and staff just what makes Stanford GSB so special to them. Virtual and in-person admissions events will fill in the details about how Stanford can transform your life and career. Admissions events include MBA information sessions, regional and industry panels, small group chats, class visits, campus tours, and other chances to engage with students, alumni, and admissions staff around the world.

Upcoming Events
Event List Opensearch
Friday, Jan 16, 2026
Friday, Jan 16, 2026
9:30am – 3:45pm
9:30am - 3:45pm
Local time in Stanford, California, United States
On Campus
Saturday, Jan 17, 2026
Saturday, Jan 17, 2026
8:30pm – 9:15pm
8:30pm - 9:15pm
Local time in Tokyo, Japan
Online
Tuesday, Jan 20, 2026
Tuesday, Jan 20, 2026
12:00pm – 12:45pm
12:00pm - 12:45pm
Local time in Stanford, California
Online
Wednesday, Jan 21, 2026
Wednesday, Jan 21, 2026
9:00am – 9:45am
9:00am - 9:45am
Local time in Stanford, California
Online
Thursday, Jan 22, 2026
Thursday, Jan 22, 2026
9:00am – 9:45am
9:00am - 9:45am
Local time in Stanford, California
Online
View More Events
Take a Look Around Campus
Join your student guides on an interactive tour of the Stanford GSB campus.
Reporting Accessibility Issues
We want everyone to have access to our website. If you are unable to access content or use features of this website due to a disability, please report the issue by submitting a HelpSU ticket or contact the Stanford Online Accessibility Program.
 Apply  
 Attend an Event  
 Stay in Touch  
More
Close
Share this selection

Share this selection

Share this selection

Share this selection