Skip to content Undergraduate Admission MenuQuick Links News & AnnouncementsApplication RequirementsTours and ProgramsAdmission Volunteers Explore Boldly. Dream Audaciously.Undergraduate AdmissionDiscover StanfordExperience the freedom to be the person you want to be, freedom to dive deep into academic discovery, and freedom to pursue your passions. Faculty and staff will spark and support your inquiry, and your peers will challenge you in a dynamic learning environment where listening and respectful discourse are paramount. Stanford will provide you the opportunity of a lifetime.Community & Belonging It isn’t just about the courses or the grades. It’s about the human being behind all of it. The cornerstones of resilience—learning, seeking advice, getting perspective and finding community—offer a way for young people to grow as they embark on the next major step in their lives.– Richard H. Shaw, Dean of Undergraduate AdmissionApplication DeadlinesOCT15Restrictive Early Action Application with Arts PortfolioNOV1Restrictive Early Action Standard ApplicationDEC5Regular Decision with Arts PortfolioJAN5Regular Decision Standard ApplicationMAR15Transfer Application with or without Arts PortfolioWe look forward to learning about you through your application.Planning for College Applying to Stanford A Stanford Education is Possible.Stanford offers comprehensive, need-based financial aid that makes it possible for all admitted undergraduate students to attend — and we do not expect students to borrow to meet their need. Learn how the program works, then use the net price calculator to get an award estimate based on your family’s financial situation.Learn more about financial aid at Stanford News & AnnouncementsUndergraduate Admission Office Early Closure on January 16thThe Stanford Undergraduate Admission Office will be open on Friday, January 16th, from 8am with an early closure of 3pm in observance of the Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. holiday weekend. Regular business hours will resume on Tuesday, January 20th.Stanford expands access with larger first-year and transfer classesIncreased student outreach efforts aim to continue to broaden the applicant pool in coming years.In new book on college life, Jay Hamilton says students have more freedom than they knowIn You Got In! Now What? , the vice provost for undergraduate education shares the lessons that helped Stanford alums and faculty navigate their educations and careers.top Follow @EngageStanfordProgramsAdmission Forums, Student Programs, and Special Events BrochuresStanford Preview and ViewbookJoin the Mailing ListUniversity PoliciesEngage with UsStanford complies with the Jeanne Clery Act and publishes crime statistics for the most recent three-year period. View the full report.Maps & Directions© Stanford University.  Stanford, California 94305.