 Skip to main content 
Learn More
Home
Stanford Graduate School of Education is dedicated to solving education's greatest challenges. Through rigorous research, model training programs and partnerships with educators worldwide, we're pursuing equitable, accessible and effective learning for all.
Our Vision
Programs
We offer undergraduate, MA, PhD and professional learning programs
Learn how to apply
Doctoral Develop expertise and produce relevant research that improves understanding, policies and practice. 
Master's Advance your knowledge and skills to become a leading agent for positive change in classrooms and beyond. 
Undergraduate Engage in a vibrant learning community centered on scholarship that improves lives. 
Professional Grow your career with high-quality programs online and on-campus. 
Faculty
Our multidisciplinary faculty are leaders in research and teaching
Ramon Martinez
Associate Professor
Philip Andrew Fisher
Professor
Mitchell L. Stevens
Professor
Teresa LaFromboise
Professor
Adriana Umaña-Taylor
Professor
Professor
Professor
Nicholas Haber
Assistant Professor
Faculty Profiles
Research stories
December 17, 2025
Research Stories
Measles outbreak led to outsized jump in student absences, Stanford research finds 
Education Policy | K-12
December 15, 2025
Research Stories
Letting students fidget can boost creativity, Stanford-led research finds 
Innovation | K-12 | Teaching
October 31, 2025
Research Stories
‘Our goal is to build bridges between the lab and the classroom’ 
Brain and Learning Sciences | Language and Literacy | Learning Differences
See all News and Media
Our Community
Our faculty, students, alumni and staff focus on improving lives through learning, teaching, discovery and innovation.
Shyheim Snead, MA/MBA '24 Policy, Organization, and Leadership Studies
Forging collaborations to support students, families, and communities
Read more about Shyheim Snead 
Thu Cung, MA '22 Policy, Organization, and Leadership Studies
Bridging policy to practice
Read more about Thu Cung 
Jodi Anderson, Jr., '22, MA '22 Policy, Organization, and Leadership Studies
Reimagining the résumé
Read more about Jodi Anderson, Jr. 
Learn more about who we are 
Events
20
Jan
Lecture/Talk
GSE Colloquium Series in Education & Organizations: CJ Pascoe
12:00 pm - 1:00 pm | ANKO Auditorium
Learn more about GSE Colloquium Series in Education & Organizations: CJ Pascoe
21
Jan
Webinar
GSE All Staff Meeting
10:00 am - 11:00 am | Zoom
Learn more about GSE All Staff Meeting
22
Jan
Workshop
Expanded Mathematics Learning (K–6)
8:30 pm - 3:30 pm | ANKO Building, 485 Lasuen Mall Stanford, CA 94305 Stanford Graduate School of Education
Learn more about Expanded Mathematics Learning (K–6)
See more events
We’re accelerating solutions to the world’s most pressing challenges in education.
The Stanford Accelerator for Learning is the first university-wide initiative on learning. Housed at the GSE, the Accelerator connects scholars across disciplines and with external partners to bridge research and practice and bring innovative, scalable learning experiences across the lifespan.
Visit the Accelerator website to learn more.
 Back to the top
Maps & Directions


© Stanford University,  Stanford, California 94305.