Stanford University School of Engineering
Celebrating 100 years of Stanford Engineering
 Explore the Centennial 
Main content start
Stanford Engineering has long been at the forefront of groundbreaking research, education and innovation. Through the development and application of engineering principles across disciplines, we are tackling the major challenges of the 21st century.
Read the latest about our research
News and Information
 AI-directed, driverless drift: Stanford Engineering and Toyota Research Institute achieve autonomous milestone  
Artificial Intelligence
Transportation & Robotics

 Generative AI tool marks a milestone in biology and accelerates the future of life sciences  
Artificial Intelligence

 Stanford scientists reveal missing yew tree enzymes needed to make a common cancer drug  

Meet some of the students, faculty and alumni who make up our community.
Student spotlights
Faculty back stories
Engineering community
Central to the School of Engineering’s mission is our commitment to supporting the success of all members of our Engineering community. For our faculty, students, and staff, we foster an environment that is nurturing, welcoming and inclusive of individuals from all backgrounds, perspectives and beliefs.
 Learn about our Engineering community 
Degree & research opportunities
With opportunities for exceptional research and mentorship and an array of majors and classes, students have the opportunity to get the most out of an experience at Stanford. We offer several degree programs, as well as research opportunities with faculty in labs and in worldwide experiences in the field.
 Start your application here 
What's it like to be a Stanford Engineering student?
What is Aeronautical and Astronautical Engineering?
At Stanford, the Department of Aeronautics and Astronautics integrates multiple engineering disciplines and focuses on structural, aerodynamic, propulsion, and guidance and control challenges posed by aircraft and spacecraft.
Learn about Aeronautical and Astronautical Engineering
Jump right in
Learn more below about how to get involved or stay involved.
Subscribe to our email & podcast
Read our biweekly email and listen to Stanford Engineering’s Future of Everything podcast to learn all about our latest research.
Subscribe to our emailStanford Engineering’s Future of Everything podcast
Support engineering
Your gift can make a positive change for our people and our research.
Connect with alumni
The Stanford Engineering community is made up of 70,000 people who are working to solve global problems. Plug in for lifelong learning opportunities, career support and mentorship opportunities.
 Learn more about alumni opportunities 