Enrollment Dates & Deadlines
Main navigation
Skip Secondary Navigation
Main content start
On this page:
Preliminary Study List Deadline
Final Study List Deadline
Change of Grading Basis Deadline
Course Withdrawal Deadline

Preliminary Study List Deadline
The Preliminary Study List deadline is the first day of classes of each quarter. These dates can be found in the Academic Calendar.
By this deadline, all active students (including those on TGR) must enroll at a full-time status according to academic career. Enrollment in waitlisted classes does not count toward full-time status. For the autumn, winter, and spring quarters, you will be charged a $200 late study list fee for not enrolling at a full-time status by this quarterly deadline. Summer quarters are optional for most degree programs, and late study list fees are not charged to any student.
To be considered full-time, you must be enrolled in the following minimum number of units:
Enrollment Status	Units
Enrollment Status Undergraduates	Units 12
Enrollment Status Coterms on undergraduate billing	Units 12
Enrollment Status Graduate students	Units 8
Enrollment Status Coterms on graduate billing	Units 8
Enrollment Status Law students	Units 9
Enrollment Status MD students	Units 9
Enrollment Status GSB students	Units 8
Enrollment Status TGR	Units Enrollment in appropriate 801/802 class
Students on an approved special registration status should enroll in at least the minimum number of units for that status. Those who have submitted an eForm to be on a special registration status can check the status of their submission in the Student eForms portal, available in Axess under My Academics > Petitions & Forms.	
Final Study List Deadline
Up until the Final Study List deadline, you may add, drop, and swap courses — or adjust units if it’s a variable unit course. Drops are not permitted beyond this point.
The Final Study List deadline is also the last day for tuition reassessment for dropped courses or units.
Graduate students billing note:
The Final Study List deadline may fall after the graduate bill due date. You are responsible for paying the tuition amount due on the bill due date regardless of intent to adjust enrollment prior to the Final Study List deadline. Late fees may apply if sufficient payment is not made by the bill due date.
Petitions to change enrollment after the deadline:
Undergraduates and coterminal students : review your petition options by meeting with an academic advisor in Academic Advising. Changes after the posted academic deadlines must demonstrate exceptional circumstances.
Graduate students : submit a petition via the Enrollment Change Petition eForm in the Student eForms portal, available in Axess under My Academics > Petitions & Forms. Changes after the posted academic deadlines must demonstrate exceptional circumstances.

Change of Grading Basis Deadline
Through the end of the eighth week of classes (or the sixth week of summer quarter), you may choose the grading option for courses in which an option is offered. You are responsible for checking your study list on Axess to confirm that the correct grading basis is selected for any courses which offer a choice.
Changes of grading basis after the deadline are only permitted for extenuating circumstances. It is up to the discretion of the Registrar’s Office regardless of the grade or notation recorded in the course. Changes of grading basis after the quarter deadline will not be considered.
The deadlines described above follow the same pattern each quarter, but due to the varied length of Stanford’s quarters, they may not always fall in exactly the week specified. Other deadlines may apply in the Schools of Law and Medicine, Graduate School of Business, and Summer Session. For the most accurate information, consult the Academic Calendar for the deadline dates for each term.
Petitions to change grading basis after the deadline:
Undergraduates and coterminal students: review your petition options by meeting an academic advisor in Academic Advising. Changes after the posted academic deadlines must demonstrate exceptional circumstances.
Graduate students: submit a petition via the Enrollment Change Petition eForm in the Student eForms portal, available in Axess under My Academics > _Petitions & Forms. _Changes after the posted academic deadlines must demonstrate exceptional circumstances. Petitions to change a grading basis received after the Grades Due deadline for the current quarter— and requests for prior quarters — will not be reviewed.

Course Withdrawal Deadline
You may withdraw from a course after the drop deadline through the end of the eighth week of each quarter (or the sixth week of summer quarter). In this case, a grade notation of 'W' (withdraw) is automatically recorded on your transcript for that course. If you withdraw after that date, you are assigned the appropriate grade or notation by the instructor to reflect the work completed.
Before the course withdrawal deadline, all course withdrawals must be made via Axess.
Please note that you cannot withdraw from professional school courses. There are no tuition reassessments for withdrawing from individual courses.
International students on F1/J1 VISA should check with a Bechtel International Center advisor before withdrawing from a class which could potentially place them below full-time status or risk violating their legal status.
Petitions to withdraw after the deadline:
Undergraduates and coterminal students: review your petition options by meeting with an academic advisor in Academic Advising. Changes after the posted academic deadlines must demonstrate exceptional circumstances.
Graduate students: submit a petition via the Enrollment Change Petition eForm in the Student eForms portal, available in Axess under My Academics > Petitions & Forms. Changes after the posted academic deadlines must demonstrate exceptional circumstances.