 Skip to main content 
Dismiss alert
Photo courtesy of Ford Foundation Gallery and the artist
How artists can ‘interrupt’ artificial intelligence
The center of a liberal arts education at Stanford
The School of Humanities and Sciences fuels world-class teaching, learning, and research in the arts, humanities, natural sciences, and social sciences.
Civil discourse
Democracy and Disagreement returns this winter
H&S Dean Debra Satz and Law Professor Emeritus Paul Brest are once again hosting Democracy and Disagreement in winter quarter. The 1- or 2-unit course explores civil discourse via weekly discussions between scholars on opposite sides of major policy issues.
Past students are welcome to take the course again as all topics are new.
Begin your journey
Looking for an undergraduate major? We have 52!
H&S includes 24 departments and 25 interdisciplinary programs that support undergraduate majors and minors, honors programs, and joint majors, as well as master’s and doctoral degrees.
Explore H&S academic programs
Explore new ideas
Understanding our world through research
H&S faculty pursue curiosity-driven research across disciplines. This foundational scholarship surfaces new understanding in an ever-evolving world, and it can lead to solutions for pressing problems.
Learn more about H&S foundational research
December 17, 2025
 Neurodiversity could be an essential consequence of human evolution 
November 18, 2025
 Historian chronicles one of the French Revolution’s most notorious figures 
December 16, 2025
 Advance could expand immune therapy as a cancer treatment 
November 13, 2025
 Light causes atomic layers to do the twist 
December 15, 2025
 Four things to know about ethnic studies in California high schools 
November 4, 2025
 Fellowship program positions students to lead at intersection of public policy and technology 
 View all news 
Faculty Awards and Honors
 Fang Liu wins Scialog awards  
 Barnabas Daru receives International Biogeography Society award  
 John R. Rickford receives lifetime service award  
 Benjamin Good wins APS Early Career Award  
 Jonathan Luk receives American Mathematical Society award  
 The H&S Bookshelf: Titles by our scholars 
Previous
 Autocrats vs. Democrats by Michael McFaul, Political Science 
 Jean-Paul Marat: Prophet of Terror by Keith Baker, History 
 The Emergent Mind by Jay McClelland, Psychology 
 The Rising Sea by Ravi Vakil, Mathematics 
 Philip Roth: Stung by Life by Steven J. Zipperstein, History 
Explore all books
Next
In the Moment
Previous
 View Professor Caroline Winterer discusses an archival book with students  
History Professor Caroline Winterer discusses an oversized folio of flora and fauna from the Carolinas, Florida, and the Bahamas made for the queen of England that is part of Green Library's special collections. With no classes held on Nov. 4, a Stanford academic holiday known as Democracy Day that coincides with Election Day, history students had the opportunity to visit the Barchas Room and interact with 32 objects of significance to colonial America.
Photo by Evan Ludington
 View Arndrea Waters King and Lerone Martin listen as MLK the third speaks  
Martin Luther King, III (left) and Arndrea Waters King visit Professor Lerone Martin’s Between Malcolm X and Martin Luther King, Jr.: Race, Religion, and the Politics of Freedom class in advance of the event celebrating the opening of the new home for the Martin Luther King, Jr. Research and Education Institute on Stanford’s Main Quad.
Photo by David Gonzales.
 View In the foreground is the building plans for the new DAAAS office space; in the background is an inner room under construction  
Construction is underway to transform Building 80 into the home of the new Department of African and African American Studies. The space will open in fall 2025.
Photo by Harrison Truong for Stanford University
 View A photo of first year student Serena Young as she sits inside the White Plaza pavilion, observing people  
First-year student Serena Young conducts sociological observations in Stanford’s White Plaza to see how the plaza and pavilion are used by community members. Her observations and interviews, and those of other volunteers, will go toward a larger assessment of Stanford’s public spaces.
Photo by Harrison Truong for Stanford University.
 View Image of a rainbow behind a large, bare oak tree with a man setting up to take a photo  
Photographer LiPo Ching captures a rainbow on a winter day at Jasper Ridge Biological Preserve. Ching produced stunning images of the preserve for a photo story about seasonal change at this unique H&S education and research site.
Photo by Dan Quinn, JRBP docent
Next
 Explore all moments 
Loading...
Close Overlay