logo-footer logo-full logo-stanford-university logo menu-close menu Close Icon Icon with an X to denote closing. Play Icon Play icon in a circular border. Skip to main content New Year, New OpportunitiesStanford Law Students Hit the Ground Running in 2026.Research, Scholarship and NewsWith impact in everything from constitutional law and privacy rights to campaign finance reform and the environment, members of the SLS community shape law and policy through leading-edge research.Mariano-Florentino Cuéllar to Return to StanfordThe former California Supreme Court justice and longtime Stanford Law professor will return to the university. read more  : Mariano-Florentino Cuéllar to Return to Stanford A Labor of LoveIn his latest book, Stanford Law School Professor William B. Gould IV reflects on his life and more than half a century as a leading scholar and practitioner of labor, sports, and discrimination law. Read more  : A Labor of Love Online Feature | Comparing Criminal Law in Germany and the United StatesField study offers insights, collaboration, lifelong lessons—and friendships. Read More  : Online Feature | Comparing Criminal Law in Germany and the United States Guidance for Clinicians Navigating Conflicting Vaccination RecommendationsStanford Law’s Michelle Mello and former CDC Director Rochelle Walensky offer recommendations to clinicians struggling to follow new vaccine guidelines. Read More  : Guidance for Clinicians Navigating Conflicting Vaccination Recommendations Stanford Legal Podcast | Flexing U.S. Power in VenezuelaStanford Law’s Allen Weiner explores developments in Venezuela and the role—and limits—of international law. Listen now  : Stanford Legal Podcast | Flexing U.S. Power in Venezuela I am a/an... Future Student   Current Student   Faculty   Staff   Alum   Journalist   Employer   Visitor  SLS Degree ProgramsJoin a diverse and inclusive community shaped by a commitment to the future. How to Apply  : Join a diverse and inclusive community shaped by a commitment to the future. Join a diverse and inclusive community shaped by a commitment to the future.Learn more : The JD ProgramA hallmark of Stanford University and a distinct strength of Stanford Law, where students can explore the many ways law intersects with other fields.Learn more : Joint Degree ProgramsOne-year master's degree programs and a doctoral degree (JSD) for international graduate students who have earned a law degree outside the United States.Learn more : Advanced DegreesIn FocusCassandra Knight, Court-Side Read More  : Cassandra Knight, Court-Side Bridging Divides Read More  : Bridging Divides Justice for All Read More  : Justice for All Anna Makanju Read More  : Anna Makanju Unique Opportunities at SLSAreas of Interest Learn More  : Areas of Interest Clinical Education Learn More  : Clinical Education 1L Discussion Seminars Learn More  : 1L Discussion Seminars Policy Lab Learn More  : Policy Lab W. A. Franke Global Law Program Learn More  : W. A. Franke Global Law Program Joint Degree Programs Learn More  : Joint Degree Programs This course, taught by Professor Nora Freeman Engstrom, uses a study of plaintiffs' lawyers as a vehicle to explore many of the most controversial and important issues at the intersection of tort law, civil procedure, and legal ethics.Play VideoCourse Highlight – Legal Ethics: The Plaintiffs’ Lawyer with Nora Freeman Engstrom Stanford Law School 17 hours ago  Lightbox link for post with description “It is hard to overstate the enthusiasm with...“It is hard to overstate the enthusiasm with which the law faculty anticipates his return.” That’s how Stanford Law School Dean George Triantis describes Mariano-Florentino “Tino” Cuéllar’s arrival back at Stanford this summer. A former California Supreme Court justice and ...previously the Stanley Morrison Professor of Law, Cuéllar will rejoin the Stanford Law faculty while taking on two major university leadership roles. Cuéllar will serve as the next Sara Miller McCune Director of the Center for Advanced Study in the Behavioral Sciences (CASBS) and as the Shriram Family Director of Knight-Hennessy Scholars. He will also hold a courtesy appointment in political science. Before his appointment to the California Supreme Court in 2015, Cuéllar was a member of the Stanford Law faculty for more than a decade. He continued teaching at Stanford Law during his time on the bench as the Herman Phleger Visiting Professor. “Tino Cuéllar has been a beloved teacher and mentor to hundreds of students, both before leaving the Law School for the California Supreme Court and since then,” said Triantis. “He has an extraordinary and unique record of accomplishment as a widely-cited legal scholar and jurist.” Welcome back to Stanford Law, Professor Cuéllar. https://brnw.ch/21wZ7uNShare 180184722002436_1308133468015997 Stanford Law School 2 days ago  Lightbox link for post with description In his latest book, Stanford Law School Professor...In his latest book, Stanford Law School Professor William B. Gould IV reflects on his life and more than half a century as a leading scholar and practitioner of labor, sports, and discrimination law: https://brnw.ch/21wZ5pxShare 180184722002436_1307300804765930 Stanford Law School 3 days ago  Lightbox link for post with description "Legal Ethics: The Plaintiff's Lawyer" is a..."Legal Ethics: The Plaintiff's Lawyer" is a Stanford Law class developed and taught by Nora Freeman Engstrom, Ernest W. McFarland Professor of Law and Co-Director, Deborah L. Rhode Center on the Legal Profession, that leads students through a unique understanding of legal ethics that... marries tort law with complex litigation. "This new way of teaching ethics is really generative and intellectually rich," she says. “Students aren't just learning rules; they are stepping into the role of a plaintiff's lawyer. This immersive approach opens doors to real-world ethical considerations, preparing future lawyers for the complexities they will face in their careers.” Professor Engstrom's innovative approach ensures that students grapple with both theoretical and practical ethical challenges in their future practices. By embedding students in real-world scenarios, they cultivate the skills and insights needed to advocate effectively for clients. "Being able to frame my goals in that lens just made it so clear to me that plaintiff's law is what I want to do because I want to represent real people who have been harmed," says Lisa Qian, JD '26.Share 180184722002436_1306463041516373 Stanford Law School 4 days ago  Lightbox link for post with description Join us on Thursday, January 15, at 4pm for an...Join us on Thursday, January 15, at 4pm for an event on the public defense crisis and the future of the sixth amendment. RSVP: https://brnw.ch/21wZ1oc Sixty-three years ago, on January 15, 1963, the United States Supreme Court heard oral arguments in Gideon v. Wainwright, 372 U.S.... 335 (1963). As we reflect on the meaning of the Sixth Amendment in today’s reality, an esteemed and experienced panel of experts will consider the legacy of Gideon and its implications on the legal profession, our community and our nation’s future. The panel will discuss public defender workload challenges, limitations of the court’s ability to pay appointed counsel in panel systems like federal Criminal Justice Act (CJA) attorneys, and doctrinal interpretations of the right to counsel under the Sixth Amendment.Share 180184722002436_1305787501583927 Load More Previous SlideNext Slide