MD Admissions
 Welcome to Stanford MD Admissions  2025 How to Apply  
Previous Slide
Next Slide
Slide #1
Welcome to Stanford MD Admissions
Applying to Medical School with AMCAS
The American Medical College Application Service® (AMCAS®) is the AAMC's centralized medical school application processing service. Most U.S. medical schools use AMCAS as the primary application method for their first-year entering classes.
Empowering Tomorrow's Physician Leaders
With close ties to Stanford University and a world-class medical center, Stanford University School of Medicine sets the training ground for the next generation of biomedical leaders and pioneers. All of the resources of our campus - extraordinary faculty and peers, state-of-the-art facilities and a diverse campus life – will provide you limitless opportunities to interact with a community of scholars who will support your educational endeavors and make you feel at home.
Learn about our curriculum
Stanford Medicine's Mission Statement
To educate and inspire a diverse group of leaders in medicine and science who will improve human health through discovery, innovation, scholarship, education, and the delivery of outstanding patient-centered care.
For inquiries regarding Medical School Admissions: (650) 723-6861.
You may also contact us at our e-mail at:
E-mail: mdadmissions@stanford.edu
A student channels climate fears into advocating for new medical school courses
Fourth-year Stanford School of Medicine medical student led a group of other students helping to weave material about the environment and health into the school's curriculum

 Stanford MD Physician Scientist Programs 
As part of our mission to train future leaders and scholars in multiple domains, Stanford School of Medicine offers unique, highly flexible curricula that enable MD students to pursue clinical investigation during medical training. With several degree and non-degree physician-scientist pathways available, most Stanford MD students pursue scholarly investigation and biomedical research – giving them the skills to translate research, create better understanding of disease, and lead clinical trials.
 Dual-Degree Opportunities 
Stanford offers a range of opportunities to pursue multiple advanced degrees, both within the medical school and at schools across the university.
 Knight-Hennessy Scholars 
Knight-Hennessy Scholars cultivates and supports a highly-engaged, multidisciplinary and multicultural community of graduate students from across Stanford University, and delivers a diverse collection of educational experiences, preparing graduates to address complex challenges facing the world.
Apply at https://kh.stanford.edu/
The application deadline is October 8, 2025, 1:00pm Pacific Time.