Welcome to the Department of MedicineShaping the future of medicine with innovative solutions for disease prevention, diagnosis, treatment, and compassionate patient care The Future of Medicine Welcome to The Future of Medicine, a podcast from the Stanford Department of Medicine. This trailer introduces the conversations with thought leaders who are reshaping how we understand disease, deliver care, and imagine what’s possible in human health. Our guests include world-renowned physicians, scientists, innovators, and policy leaders from across the globe, alongside the remarkable Stanford faculty. Latest Episode  Subscribe to the Future of Medicine Communicating Medicine to Varied AudiencesJanuary 15, 2026Clinical AI Has Boomed. A New Stanford-Harvard State of Clinical AI Report Shows What Holds Up in Practice.Artificial intelligence is no longer a speculative force in medicine. It is already embedded in everyday care. AI systems flag hospitalized patients at risk of deterioration, assist radiologists reading mammograms, draft clinicians’ notes, route patient messages, and increasingly interact directly with patients through chatbots and digital assistants.January 14, 2026Does GLP-1 Usage Affect Critical Care Patients? As the popularity of Ozempic, Wegovy, and other GLP-1 receptor agonists skyrockets, so too do the questions surrounding their safety. Initially designed to treat type 2 diabetes, GLP-1 drugs are known to alter body composition, reducing fat mass but also affecting lean muscle. In the ICU, where patients already experience severe metabolic stress and muscle breakdown, clinicians have worried that these medications might quietly worsen outcomes.January 13, 2026A Five-Day-a-Month Diet Shows Promise for Crohn’s Disease ReliefA Stanford-led trial shows that a five-day-a-month fasting-mimicking diet may reduce symptoms and inflammation in adults with mild to moderate Crohn’s disease.January 5, 2026Q&A with Dr. Marc Lipsitch: A Voice of Clarity in Public HealthInfectious disease expert Marc Lipsitch reflects on pandemic lessons, science communication, and his next chapter at Stanford.Strength in Culture & CommunityCulture and Community BuildingWe work to foster an environment where everyone in our community feels included. Connect with our communityCommunity Partnership ProgramWe work to advance health and health equity in our local community through developing, coordinating, and sustaining partnerships between community organizations, our department, and the broader School of Medicine.View: Stanford Land AcknowledgmentLeading the Way With Groundbreaking ResearchTeam ScienceThe Department of Medicine is committed to translating research discoveries into clinical practice to improve health worldwide. We accomplish this goal through an interdisciplinary approach known as team science. Visit our DoM Team Science website.Medicine Grand RoundsOur Department of Medicine Grand Rounds live stream is geared towards the Stanford community. Join us on event days for expert presentations on Stanford campus or virtually, or catch up with YouTube recordings.Fostering CollaborationOur 17 divisions are unique and interrelated communities, well established in our internal medicine disciplines and united by our shared core values.Explore our 17 departmental divisions Explore our departmental divisions  Search Faculty Directory Modeling Clinical ExcellenceRead: Clinical Informatics Harnesses Information Technology to Revolutionize Patient Care> “At Stanford, it’s in our DNA to use technology in service of innovation. There’s the rich ecosystem we’ve developed with Silicon Valley companies and cross-pollination with local industry. Plus, we tend to attract faculty who are skilled both as informaticians and as physicians.-Ron Li, MDEducation & Training in Compassionate CareResidency ProgramThe dedication of the Department to excellence in teaching and patient care, a wide breadth of clinical experience, high quality fellowship and research programs, and an outstanding faculty combine to make this a superb environment for training housestaff for future academic leadership careers.Educational ProgramsOur educational mission is to provide excellent broad-based clinical training in a scholarly environment for future academic leaders.