logo-footer logo-full logo-stanford-university logo menu-close menu Close Icon Icon with an X to denote closing. Play Icon Play icon in a circular border.
 Skip to main content 
Each year Stanford Law receives about 5,000 applications from potential students; each year approximately 180 join our community. Students come from across the United States and around the globe—from diverse careers in the public and private sector, small liberal arts colleges and institutes of technology, military academies and academies of art, theological seminaries and medical schools, distinguished state universities, and centuries-old private universities.
In selecting students for the JD program, two criteria dominate the decision-making process: the individual applicant’s intellectual ability and aptitude, and the overall diversity of the class admitted. The first criterion, aptitude, properly recognizes that the lawyer’s work calls particularly for the exercise of analytic and other intellectual abilities—facility with words, concepts and perceptions of personal relationships. The second criterion, diversity, contemplates that diversity will improve the quality of education at the law school by enabling the exchange of differing views in and out of class, and will improve the school’s training of lawyers who take the lead in representing diverse groups and interests in a wide variety of contexts, in the private and public sectors.
5,000
Applications received by Stanford Law each year.
 Office of the Registrar  
 Office of Financial Aid  
~180
Admitted students each year.
Consider What Counts
We invite you to consider what counts in your search for a law school and to imagine how Stanford Law’s strengths might shape your future.
 Learn More 
Discover SLS
Discover the unmatched advantages that distinguish Stanford Law School.
 Learn More 
PreviousNext
Contact Information
Vanessa Cordova
Admissions Officer
 View Profile  : Vanessa Cordova 
Faye Deal
Associate Dean for Admissions and Financial Aid
 View Profile  : Faye Deal 
Megan Fernandez
Admissions Specialist, Office of Admissions
 View Profile  : Megan Fernandez 
Hsinyun Shen
Director of JD Admissions
 View Profile  : Hsinyun Shen 
Address: Office of Admissions Stanford Law School Crown Quadrangle 559 Nathan Abbott Way, Room 103 Stanford, CA 94305-8610
Email: admissions@law.stanford.edu
Phone: 650 723.4985
Related Links