Main content startFor life on Earth. Forever. Watch now A blueprint for mapping melting ice sheetsStanford researchers have created an open-source tool so other scientists can make ice-penetrating radar systems at a fraction of the cost of current methods. Read the blueprint story The rise of plant life changed how rivers move, study showsResearch reveals that unvegetated meandering rivers can geologically masquerade as braided rivers, suggesting they were much more common in the first 90 percent of Earth’s history than previously thought. Read the plant life story Our missionThe Stanford Doerr School of Sustainability advances knowledge, solutions, and impact through research and education to create a thriving, enduring future for humanity and the planet.About the schoolBuilding on Stanford University’s foundational commitment to improving lives, the Stanford Doerr School of Sustainability launched in 2022 as the university’s first new school in 75 years. Departments create new knowledge and train future leaders. For life on Earth. Forever.Departments View all departments  Select to view Civil & Environmental Engineering For solutions that enable thriving cities, communities, and nature. Civil & Environmental Engineering  Select to view Earth & Planetary Sciences For exploring planets to understand our world. Earth & Planetary Sciences  Select to view Earth System Science For new understanding of Earth’s interconnected systems. Select to view Energy Science & Engineering For engineering the energy systems our future demands. Energy Science & Engineering  Select to view Environmental Social Sciences For creating environmentally sustainable social and economic systems. Environmental Social Sciences  Select to view Geophysics For turning signals into discoveries and solutions. Select to view Oceans For ocean discovery, science, education, and solutions that sustain life on Earth.Explore our degree programsThe Doerr school's departments and programs span many exciting areas to prepare future leaders in sustainability.Learn MoreInstitutes innovate across disciplinesFor real-world solutions sustaining the environment, climate, and people. Woods Institute for the Environment For sustainable, affordable, secure energy for all. Precourt Institute for Energy For turning ideas into impact.Sustainability Accelerator More about the Sustainability Accelerator Watch Accelerator videoMeet the Dean“From studying how electricity can be affordable and sustainable for all, to designing future cities where people and nature thrive, we’re shaping a new paradigm for research, education, and impact, focused on humanity and the planet.”Arun Majumdar Chester Naramore Dean, Stanford Doerr School of SustainabilityJay Precourt Professor of Mechanical Engineering and of Energy Science & EngineeringSenior Fellow, Precourt Institute for EnergyMeet the DeanResearch and impactStories View all stories  What most corporate carbon reports get wrong, and how to fix them January 12, 2026Companies undercount emissions from their supply chains by billions of tons, a new study reveals. A new model could help them find and shrink the biggest contributors to their carbon footprints. Grid stability January 6, 2026With support from a grant from the TomKat Center for Sustainable Energy, Earth system science master's student Mustafa Sultan is building an efficient HVAC system for the modern electricity grid.TomKat Center for Sustainable Energy* Program participants Woods Wrapped 2025 December 20, 2025Close out the year with a look back at the strides our community has made toward better understanding and supporting life on Earth.Stanford Woods Institute for the EnvironmentApply nowMore on admissionsLearn about graduate certificatesExplore postdoctoral fellowshipsAt the Stanford Doerr School of Sustainability, we are fueled by optimism, hard work, creativity, and a clear mission. Learn more about our community and subscribe to our newsletter.Our community More about our community Student experienceOur future leaders have opportunities to conduct high-impact research, work with local communities, engage in field learning, and more. Life on campus and beyond Meet our facultyDriven by boundless curiosity, commitment, and the wonder of discovery, our scholars advance knowledge and prepare the leaders of today and tomorrow.Subscribe to our monthly newsletterBreakthroughs are forged at the intersection of pioneering research, education, and scalable solutions. Stay up-to-date on our progress.